# GTP_Audo_to_text
Used Whisper to Transcribe, GPT-4o to Summarize NDP key note taken from CNA.
1. Installs the Python package called "openai" using the pip package manager
   and Import all the necessary class and module.
   pip install openai
   
2. Setup your API key with an environment variable
   export OPENAI_API_KEY='sk-...'
   or Setup your API key by using the OpenAI package
   You can set up a key within your Python program using openai.api_key.
   This method is not recommended as it exposes your API to the public.
   I using this method only for testing purpose.

   api_key = "sk-"
   os.environ["OPENAI_API_KEY"] = api_key

4. The code imports the openai module and uses it to transcribe an audio file.
   The audio file is opened in binary mode using the with statement and the open() function.
   The open() function takes two arguments: the path to the audio file and the mode in which
   to open it ("rb" for read binary mode).
   The openai.Audio.transcribe() method is then called with several arguments: the file argument
   is set to the audio_file object, which contains the audio data; the model argument is set to "whisper1",
   which specifies the transcription model to use; the response_format argument is set to "text",
   which specifies that the transcription should be returned as plain text. The resulting transcription
   is stored in the transcript variable, which is then write and save to a file Keynote_transcript.txt locally.

5. Display the required number of tokens and ensure the token limit is not exceeded.
   For this example it take less than 1K tokens using GPT-4o model.

6. This code leverages the GPT-4o model to summarize the video transcripts. It extracts key points and
   presents them in a concise and energetic manner.
   Initializes a call to the OpenAI API using the `client.chat.completions.create` method.
   It specifies the model to be used and provides a list of messages to set the context and request the summary.
   Extracting the Summary:
   Extracts the content of the first choice from the API response, which contains the summary generated by the AI.
   Displaying the Summary:
   Uses the `display` function to render the summary in Markdown format for better readability.



   
   
   
   
